Item 1: Business Plan
A. What is our business plan?
 Our plan is to choose our business plan in order to market. Our plan is to choose the business structure, perform market research 
 and prepare a business plan in order to market.
B. What is our benifit from our busniess plan?
 A benifit we can get from our busniess plan is It gives you a glimpse of the future. Our business plan can helps us to forecast 
 an idea to see if it has the potential to be successful.
C. What existing products/services does your company provide?
 Our excisting product that our company provides is the multiple sites on the link repositories. With this existing product we can have customers

Item 1.b: Long-Term Vision
 what are the goals?
  Our goals is to feel accomplishment and have achievements met. 
 where did your idea come from ( a class, a job, a need)?
  It first started off as an idea drom class and something that need to be done.
 what is the purpose, values and mission? List 2 or 3 key questions that will guide the startup's choices. These should be essential questions that serve as 
 touchstones to direct your companies efforts. For instance, how can the startup have impact? What engages our passions?
  The purpose, values and mission is what they help guide business decisions, inspire employees and establish customer loyalty. This starts to have an impact 
  if there no would be no focus for what your mission statement should accomplish, capture the meaningful impact your business with our product or others.
  Our passions are engaged is when everyone on the team on the same page, loyalty from customers and product sale.
 Item 1.c: External Opportunites
  A. Opportunites
  The opportunites of social media is the collaboration and connection with other users, able to build relationship, share your thoughts online, connect
  anytime and educate yourself.
  B. Threat
  The only threat that can be made online is their are some scary/weird people online that don't say who they are. Someone can fool you and lead you into 
  a trap or dangerous situations.
  
  Item 1.D: Teams
   Carter - Carter is the team’s Cultural Officer and Manager of Human Resources. Currently studying computer science at Cal State East Bay, he has worked 
   previously as an intern at CCHP’s Provider relations, giving him insight to the relationships developed between coworkers, allowing him to excel at defining 
   what our team’s culture should be. Carter enjoys being able to solve problems with other people for everyone to succeed.

   Anthony - Anthony is our Chief of Business Operations. Anthony has an aptitude for solving problems in difficult situations, as well as receiving input from 
   teammates and giving input after hearing them out. This gives Anthony the ability to be effective with the company’s business operations, plans, and long term 
   vision. Anthony is currently a student at California State University, East Bay. 

    Arshdeep - Arshdeep is our Manager of Development, both for our ethics policy and our functional prototype of the product. He has experience working on a team 
    towards completing a complex software project, giving him the technical knowledge to direct the company’s development of our app. Arshdeep’s experience on teams 
    and as a student at CSU East Bay also gives him insight into how our company should operate ethically with his understanding of different people’s perspectives. 
 
   Connor - Connor is our Team Leader and is Director of Customer Relations. He is currently a student at Cal State East Bay, but has had previous experience as a 
   manager in multiple hospitality industries. This helped him develop the skills to effectively help keep a team on task as well as understand the importance of 
   effective communication with our customer base. 
  
 Item 1.F : Slogan
   - "Helping your friends help you decide."
Item 2: Cultural Policy
  A. Core Values
    We want our company to be thought of as a large family. Each member looks out for and assists the others. Self sufficiency is important
    but reaching out for a helping hand is encouraged. We want all or our employees to feel safe in their workspace where they can work efficiently
    without worry.

  B. Motivation
    We love it when employees can work and socialize comfortably in the workplace. We want to encourage creativity and expression from all our employees. 
    We don't want our employees feeling like they cannot work effectively because of a hostile work environment. We will always take any employee 
    concerns very seriously and work to resolve them as quickly as possible.

  C. Summary
    Cooperation
    Assistance
    Communication
    Always Innovating
    A family looking out for each other

Item 3: Ethics Policy
A. 
Ethical Principles.
Our ethical principles strategy focus to provide guidance to our employees on business practices and positions on a variety of controversial issues.
This policy will also highlight the effects of violating our business code of ethics. Believe in you use your professional judgment, but we'd like to 
provide you with a tangible guide to follow if you're uncertain about how to proceed. The following are the core elements of our professional ethics 
policy with meanings:

Respect for others:-
Respect must be shown to everyone with whom you interact. Be courteous, polite, and understanding. You must respect the personal space, opinions, and
privacy of others. Any type of violence is strictly forbidden and will lead to instant disqualification. You may also not verbally abuse or victimize
others.

Integrity and honesty:
Tell the truth and avoid any wrongdoing to the best of your ability. We do not tolerate malicious, misleading, or petty behavior. False stories and 
fraud are red flags, and if you're caught, you could encounter ethics training or immediate discontinuation, which will be depending on the extent 
of the damage being caused.

Teamwork:
Collaborating with others and acting as a team all the time is another element of our professional ethics code. You should also be willing to collaborate 
with others and assist others which will lead to learning and growth. Collaborate with others and don't be afraid to ask for assistance when you need it.

Justice
Don't take advantage of others' hard work or mistakes. Grant others an equal chance and make a stand when someone else does not. Be unbiased when 
making important decisions, such as whether to hire, promote, or fire someone. Make certain that you can back up any judgment with supporting evidence. 
You must abide by all laws that apply to our organization. Depending on your role and profession, you may be required to follow a variety of laws.

B. Board
Pervis H. Bearden, Jr. - Executive Vice President of Leasing and National Accounts for Simon Properties Group. Pervis has 17 years of experience with Simon Properties
Group, who manages the real estate of a multitude of malls across the United States. Bearden Jr. would have experience with maintaining relationships with various 
retail outlets, something necessary for our company to succeed as a comparative purchase platform.

Michel Krieger - Chief Technology Officer for Instagram. The Brazilian-American software engineer served as Instagram’s CTO since its founding in 2010. His experience 
with a social media platform designed around posting pictures for other user’s would be beneficial for us, as we’re centered around posting available decisions between
products for our user’s friends to help them decide. 

Kate Crawford - Founder of AI Now and writer of Atlas of AI. Crawford earned her PhD from the University of Sydney and has since worked to help people understand the
importance of ethical technology development in fields such as AI and social media. She would be helpful to our company by helping us maintain an ethical frame of 
mind as we move forward in developing our product.


Item 4: Experimentation & Priorities
A.
B.Priorities- Give which experiment/hypothesis you will test first --as it is a high priority
